If I can imagine in a resturant, the resturant is in a dome like building. the customer are sitting around the kitchen, at a slightly elevated setting like a theater.
The entire processing of making the food are visible for the customer.
This idea wasn't new at all, in fact, many resturant doing that already.
However, the viewing the way it present it was some what lack of best presentable possible.

In Japanese resturants, you surrounded the chef and they will cook it for you.
In Korean resturants, you can do BBQ in a group or by yourself. 
In Vietnamese resturant, you can do some hand wrappng by yourself.
In Chinese, you can do hotpots. 

One common theme is the food are being prepared without visible to you, and the quality of the food only somewhat guranteed by the skill of the crafting person.

In order to elevate relationship between trust in the food source prepared, and how being done. (For example, in resturants like in China).
This transparent process, allow the following features to occur.
1. Build direct relation between the chef who choose to prepare the food.
2. Being able to observe the entire process of the food created.
3. May allow to archive the process for future, especially, for cutting edge chief who wants to document their crafting process.
4. Allow participation and think about the presentation in various stages of food processing. (If you have an eye watch how you do the job, you will probably take much more serious in doing it)
5. It creates a entertaining atompshere or potentially a bond between the chef and the customer. If time permitts it can even eliminiate the need for person who take order the food straight to between chef and the customer.

With all these benefit in doing so its almost probably pretty high.
1. Designing a dome like structure for such resturant.
2. How to best represent the kitchen and develop practices that does not irrgitate the customer, if any parts of the process might not be pleasant to a customer.
3. The theatermatic like structure, requires a design that provide comfort for the customer, and a proper environment for the kitchen setting. How to best present the work are also a challenging work.
